hey hey you haven't said much since you
got back home I'll be a ball sunshine
once Damon gets a large stake back
promise you really scared me today you
wouldn't have survived if you went up
against Klaus on your own you know that
right well you don't have to worry about
that anymore
why he's not worth it all this time and
energy that I've wasted hating him it
was for nothing
it's done it's over we lost I'm right
back where I started
that's not true yeah Klaus dragged you
through hell
but you came out the other side you beat
him by being better than him and when I
lose in the process
the caning Klaus was easy
it allowed me to ignore everything that
was happening around me everything I let
slip away now I have to deal with that
Stefan no no just admit it admit it to
me Elena I know you don't know it to me
but I just need to hear you say I can't
because it's not true Stefan I never
stopped loving you I know that I know
you did even though I didn't everything
possible to push you away
it's my fault it's all my fault I mean
this is all my fault
so what are you talking about I'm
talking about the fact that you're also
in love with Damon
well no Stefan I was I love you I will
always love you I just want you to look
me in the eye and tell me that you don't
feel something for him I don't know what
I feel